Website Privacy Policy
25 May 2018
Document Ref. Website Privacy Policy
Version: 1
Dated: June 6th
Document Author: Hilde Instefjord
Document Owner:
Website Privacy Policy
Revision History
Version Date Revision Summary of Changes
Author
1 05.06.2018 Hilde Initial version.
Related documents that are
mentioned/referred to, but not included
here are:
PP Employment
PP Online Purchase (Currently the T&C in
the shopping cart)
Cookie Policy
Version 1 Page 2 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
Index
Who are we? 5
Introduction 5
How we use your information 5
Information storage and security 6
Americas 6
Asia 7
Europe 7
When you use our website 12
Cookies 12
Web beacons 13
Google reCAPTCHA 13
Bing Custom Search 13
UTM codes 13
Why do we collect this information? 14
What do we do with your information? 14
How long do we keep your information for? 14
Additional rights as a data subject 14
When you submit an enquiry via our website 15
Why do we collect this information? 15
What do we do with your information? 15
How long do we keep your information for? 16
Additional rights as a data subject 16
When you submit a survey, participate in a competition, submit a code or blog, or apply
for a job 16
Why do we collect this information? 16
What do we do with your information? 17
How long do we keep your information for? 17
Additional rights as a data subject 17
When you purchase a product from our website 17
Why do we collect this information? 18
Version 1 Page 3 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
What do we do with your information? 18
How long do we keep your information for? 18
Additional rights as a data subject 19
When you sign up to receive our newsletter 19
Why do we collect this information? 19
What do we do with your information? 19
How long do we keep your information for? 19
Additional rights as a data subject 20
When you use our Export Server 20
What do we do with your chart data? 20
How long do we keep your data for? 20
Additional rights as a data subject 21
Exclusions 21
When you use Highcharts Cloud 21
Why do we collect this information? 22
What do we do with your information? 22
How long do we keep your information for? 22
Additional rights as a data subject 22
Exclusions 22
When you use our JS tool, Wrappers, and Editor and CDN 23
Your rights as a data subject 23
Your right to complain 24
Legal Requirements 24
Retention 24
Right to be forgotten 24
Our Policy Toward Children 25
Updates to this privacy policy 25
Version 1 Page 4 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
Who are we?
We are Highsoft, AS. Our address is Sentrumsgata 44, 6893 Vik i Sogn, Norway.
You can contact us by postal mail at the above address, or by email at privacy@highsoft.com
In collecting information about you, we are acting as a data controller and we are required to
provide you with information about why and how we use your data, and about the rights you
have over your data.
We are not required to have a data protection officer, so any enquiries about our use of your
personal data should be addressed to the contact details above.
Introduction
Highsoft is committed to protecting your privacy. Any and all information collected is
safeguarded according to the applicable legislation concerning personal data and is updated to
comply to the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) from May 25,
2018.
This privacy policy tells you about the information we collect personal identifiable information
(PII) from you when you use and interact with our website.
How we use your information
In the course of providing products and services to our visitors and customers, we collect or
receive your personal information in different ways.
We collect and process information about you only where we have legal basis for doing so
under applicable EU laws and depending on which products and services you use and how you
use them, even if you reside outside of the European Economic Area (EEA).
You provide some of this data directly, and some data we get by collecting data about your
interactions, usages and experiences with our products. We will give you the chance to choose
what information to provide for e.g. research and development and to market and promote the
products or services, but sometimes we require certain information in order to provide certain
products and services and to protect our, and your legal rights and interests. Below are more
details on each interaction with our website, and how we will handle your PII.
Version 1 Page 5 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
Information storage and security
Highsoft relies on third-party partners to provide many of the features and functionality on our
websites and services, to collect data about you and your use of our websites and services.
We have contractual agreements with all third-party data processors that commits them to
providing an appropriate level of safeguards for your personal data, which includes compliance
to GDPR and Highsoft will make every commercially viable measure to secure your data
according to GDPR guidelines.
Most of our data is collected and processed within the European Economic Area (EEA). For
processing that is taking place outside the EEA, we have in addition to a DPA provided
additional appropriate safeguards by ensuring that our partners are either committed to Privacy
Shield or that they have accepted the EU standard contractual clauses. Below is a complete list
of all third party partners that may store or process your PII. This list may be updated from time
to time as we add or remove partners from our platforms.
Name of Data Storage DPA PII The 3rd Data retention period Third
Party Location party have Party
access to Privacy
Policy
Google Yes N/A 38 months https://polic
Analytics Americas ies.google.
com/privac
● Berkeley
County, South y
Carolina
● Council Bluffs,
Google Yes N/A 38 months Same as
Iowa
Tag ● Douglas County, above
Georgia
Manager
● Jackson County,
Alabama
Google ● Lenoir, North Yes N/A 38 months Same as
Carolina
Data above
● Mayes County,
Studio Oklahoma
● Montgomery
Google County, Yes N/A 38 months Same as
Tennessee
Ads above
● Quilicura, Chile
● The Dalles,
Google Oregon Yes N/A N/A Same as
Suite above
Version 1 Page 6 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
Google Yes N/A N/A Same as
Drive Asia above
● Changhua
County,
Taiwan
● Singapore
Europe
● Dublin,
Ireland
● Eemshaven,
Netherlands
● Hamina,
Finland
● St Ghislain,
Belgium
Unbounce Germany, Frankfurt Yes Account “We will maintain your
information, Personal Data for as long https://unbo
billing as they are needed, or as unce.com/p
required by applicable
information, rivacy/
laws, regulations, or
log data, user
government orders”
contributions,
lead data,
wordpress
plugin
Slack NOT FOUND Yes Account Owners of paid Slack
information teams can configure https://slac
custom message k.com/priva
retention policies on a
​ cy-policy
team-wide and
per-channel basis.
Setting a custom duration
for retention means that
messages or files older
than the duration you set
will be deleted on a
nightly basis.
Salesforce ● Chicago, Yes Service “We will maintain your https://www
Illinois, providers, Personal Data for as long .salesforce.
United affiliates as they are needed, or as com/compa
required by applicable
(webinars & ny/privacy/
Version 1 Page 7 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
States conferences), laws, regulations, or
(USA) professional government orders”
advisers
● Dallas,
acting as
Texas,
processors
United
(e.g. lawyers
States
and
(USA)
accountants),
● Frankfurt,
third–party
Germany
social
(GER)
networks,
● Kobe, Japan advertising
(JPN) networks and
● London, websites,
United third party
Kingdom partners
(UK) (advertisers),
● Paris, affiliates
France within the
Salesforce
(FRA)
group and
● Phoenix,
submitted info
Arizona,
in forums,
United
chat rooms
States
etc.
(USA)
● Tokyo,
Japan (JPN)
● Washington,
DC, United
States
(USA)
Fogbugz USA Yes Internet Personal data shall be
(Fog Protocol (IP) kept for no longer than is http://www.f
Creek addresses, necessary for the ogcreek.co
purposes for which it is
Software) the Uniform m/privacy
being processed
Resource
Locator
(URL)
accessed
(which may
Version 1 Page 8 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
reference the
name of a
board, card,
case, wiki, or
organization),
and the
unique
identification
number
associated
with the
account
Magento Hosted by Trollweb Yes See Trollweb Will retain your Personal
Information for as long as https://www
needed or permitted in .magento.c
light of the purpose(s) for
om/legal/ter
which it was obtained.
ms/privacy
Nets European Economic Yes We do not Will retain your Personal
Area share your Information for as long as https://www
information needed or permitted in .nets.eu/gd
with anyone light of the purpose(s) for pr/pages/pr
outside the which it was obtained. ivacy-notic
Nets Group, e-for-nets.a
unless such spx
transfer has
legal basis in
the law e.g. to
public
authorities
such as the
police for
investigative
purposes.
PayPal ● Scottsdale, Yes Registration “We retain Personal Data https://www
Arizona and use info to fulfill our legal or .paypal.co
● San Jose, regulatory obligations and m/no/weba
California for our business
Transaction pps/mpp/ua
purposes. We may retain
and /privacy-full
Personal Data for longer
experience
periods than required by
info
Version 1 Page 9 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
law if it is in our legitimate
Participant business interests and
info not prohibited by law. If
your Account is closed,
Information we may take steps to
about friends mask Personal Data and
and contacts other information, but we
reserve our ability to
Information retain and access the
from third data for so long as
party required to comply with
applicable laws. We will
resources
continue to use and
disclose such Personal
Data in accordance with
this Privacy Policy.”
Recurly USA Yes First and last We retain Personal Data https://recu
name about you for as set forth rly.com/leg
on our data retention al/privacy
Company policy at
name, VAT https://recurly.com/legal/t
number erms in accordance with
​
legal and additional
Email
compliance requirements.
address
In some cases we retain
Mailing Personal Data for longer,
address if doing so is necessary
to comply with our legal
Telephone obligations, resolve
number disputes or collect fees
owed, or is otherwise
Address
permitted or required by
applicable law, rule or
IP Address
regulation. Afterwards,
Username we retain some
information in a
Account depersonalized or
Code (can aggregated form but not
include email
in a way that would
addresses)
identify you personally.
Browser
information
Version 1 Page 10 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
Credit card
and credit
card CVV
Transaction
and Billing
Data
Info from third
party
resources
IP address
Device
identifiers
Web browser
information
Page view
statistics
Browsing
history
Usage
information
Transaction
information
(e.g.
transaction
amount, date
and time such
transaction
occurred)
Cookies and
other tracking
technologies
(e.g. web
beacons,
pixel tags,
SDKs, etc.).
Location
information
Version 1 Page 11 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
(e.g. IP
address, zip
code)
Log data (e.g.
access times,
hardware and
software
information)
Trollweb ● Oslo, Norway Yes Technical (Innholdet av de https://www
● Växjö, information innsendte dokumentene .visma.com
Sweden and traffic skal holdes tilgjengelig /privacy-sta
data, such as ved Regnskapsregisteret
● Dublin, tement/
Operating i 10 år. Reguleres av
Ireland
System, rksl.§ 8-2.)
● Franfurt,
Browser
Germany Version,
Visma will only retain
● Copenhagen, Browser
your personal data for as
Denmark Language,
long as necessary for the
● Finland and IP
stated purpose, while
Address.
also taking into account
https://www.visma.co
User our need to answer
m/trust-centre/transp
preferences queries or resolve
arency/
and settings, problems and to comply
such as
with legal requirements
length of user
under applicable laws.
sessions,
invoices, and
user account
information.
Below you will find more information about how we use third-party partners in connection with
our services, including how we provide you with content, determine and/or improve our product
and services, perform analytics, and allow you to interact with social media platforms.
When you use our website
This section details the information we collect from you when you use our website to browse our
products and services and view the information we make available. Our legal basis for
Version 1 Page 12 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
processing and collecting your PII is based on consent or legitimate interests, as further detailed
below.
Cookies
We use cookies for several of our services and websites. Cookies are small pieces of text sent
by your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and
allows the service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the
service more useful to you. Please refer to our cookie policy for detailed information on which
​
cookies we set when visiting our websites and using our services. We will not collect any
information from you without your explicit consent.
Web beacons
Pages on our site and emails we send to our users may contain web beacons. Web beacons
(also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) are small electronic file references
that are embedded onto a web page or an email to analyze traffic without collecting any
personal information, other than tracking, for example, whether a user has successfully opened
an email, visited a page or completed a purchase.
In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, web beacons are
rendered invisibly on web pages when you open a page. The use of web beacons is based on
legitimate interest because this is necessary to provide you the service, but when possible, we
will provide you with the option to opt out of such tracking.
Google reCAPTCHA
Based on our legitimate interest in the prevention of spam and abuse, we also use the
reCAPTCHA feature of Google on our websites. This function is primarily used to distinguish
whether an input is made by a natural person or abusive by automated processing. The service
includes the sending of the IP address and possibly other data required by Google for the
reCAPTCHA service to Google. Additional information about Google reCAPTCHA and Google's
privacy policy can be found here.
​ ​
Bing Custom Search
Our API documentation utilizes Bing Custom Search in order to implement free text searching in
our documentation. Microsoft will use search data to improve Microsoft products and services.
For more information about the data collected by Microsoft, please refer to their Online Services
​
Terms.
​
Version 1 Page 13 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
UTM codes
We may also make use of UTM codes. These are strings that are appended to a URL (the
“Uniform Resource Locator,” which is typically the http or https address entered to go to a web
page) when a user moves from one web page or website to another, where the string can
represent information about browsing, such as which promotion, page, or publisher sent the
user to the receiving website. UTM codes are used to enhance our web analytics solutions, but
only generates anonymized data, and is not used to identify the activity or identity of any one
person. UTM codes have no data collection purpose or effect if the user has not opted-in to web
tracking in the first place, therefore we will not collect any information from you without your
explicit consent.
Why do we collect this information?
Some services may not function properly without the use of cookies, but when possible, we will
allow you to use our products and services without the use of cookies or other tracking
mechanisms.
We use web analytics services called Google Analytics, Google Ads, Google Tag Manager and
Unbounce to record aggregated usage and performance data or website and web-services.
The primary reason for this is to understand our customers and improve our service and
offerings. We will not deny you access to our site or services should you decline the use of such
tracking mechanisms, but when declined, there may be cases where the user experience is not
optional.
What do we do with your information?
We collect anonymized data to record the date you visit the site, how often visitors come to this
site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to
this site, but no identifying information like e.g. the visitor’s detailed location. In the event you
have opted-in to allowing such data to be collected, we may use portions or aggregated
numbers for marketing presentations or use Google Data Studio for visualizing trends, visitor
numbers and behavior. We do not link the information collected to any personally identifiable
information in our own or 3rd party databases.
We do not share or sell any information collected, even when anonymized.
Google provides some additional privacy options for Google Analytics cookies.
​ ​
Version 1 Page 14 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
How long do we keep your information for?
The information we collect will be anonymized and kept for a maximum of 38 months. Google
provides some additional privacy terms.
​ ​
Additional rights as a data subject
In collecting this information, we are acting as a data controller and You have additional rights
with regards to the data we store and process, which are outlined in the section below called
Your rights as a data subject.
When you submit an enquiry via our website
This section outlines the information we collect from you when you submit an enquiry to us via
our website. Our legal basis for processing and collecting your PII is based on consent or
legitimate interest.
When you submit an enquiry via our website, we may ask you for your company name, email
address and a brief description of your enquiry. We will always ask for a little information as
possible to best serve you based on your type of enquiry.
When you ask us a question in social media, like Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn, we will reply to
your enquiry directly in that platform, although we prefer that you contact us via our website for
so that your information is not passed through any 3rd party . We will also have access to
insights on your activity on our social media platforms, in which we will hold a shared data
controller role of your data with the social media platform. Highsoft will make every commercially
viable measure to secure your data according to GDPR guidelines.
We may also share your question in in our internal email or Slack platform for internal support in
handling your question.
Why do we collect this information?
We will use your information to respond to your enquiry and hopefully to provide you with the
information you need, including providing you with any requested information about our
products and services. We do this in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a
contract i.e. as part of pre-sales activity.
We may also email you several times after your enquiry in order to follow up on your interest
and ensure that we have answered to your satisfaction. We will do this based on our legitimate
Version 1 Page 15 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
interest in providing accurate information prior to a sale or other legitimate request for
information.
What do we do with your information?
Your sales related enquiry is stored and processed by Salesforce and in some cases also as an
email which is hosted by Google, or a record in Sharpspring Marketing Automation Services,
hosted by our partner, Farmas-sci, LLC., doing business from 36 East Lincoln Avenue, Atlantic
Highlands, NJ 07716 USA.
Technical Support enquiries are stored and processed by Fogbugz. Our support enquiries are
handled by our partner, Black Label, located ul. gen. J. Hallera 31, 43-400 Cieszyn, Poland. Our
partners will have access to the minimum of information needed to provide support.
How long do we keep your information for?
We may ask for your consent to retain your information in our CRM system in order to send you
further information that we think may be of interest to you.
Your information is kept for as long as you continue to consent, but enquiries you make that are
not of a financial or legal nature (e.g. purchasing a product or service) will be removed from our
records if you are inactive for more than 2 years, unless you explicitly consent to us storing your
information for the purposes of keeping you updated on our products and services. You may opt
out such updates at any time, which will result in the prompt deletion of any non-legal or
financial information we have about you.
Additional rights as a data subject
In collecting this information, we are acting as a data controller and, you have additional rights
with regards to the data we store and process on you, which are outlined in the section below
called Your rights as a data subject.
​
When you submit a survey, participate in a competition, submit a
code or blog, or apply for a job
This section tells you about the information we collect from you when you submit a survey,
participate in a competition, submit a code or blog to us via our website. Our legal basis for
processing and collecting your PII is based on consent or legitimate interest.
We will ask you for your email address, and optionally other information about your interests,
preferences, etc.
Version 1 Page 16 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
Why do we collect this information?
We collect information when you participate in contests and surveys, apply for a job, or
otherwise participate in activities we promote that might require information about you.
We ask for your consent to store and process your information, and we will only send you
updates for as long as you continue to consent. You may unsubscribe at any time by clicking
the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any newsletter you receive.
What do we do with your information?
We will use your information to provide you with the information you need. We will keep your
information to periodically provide you with news and information about our products, services
and company, which we feel might be of greatest interest to you.
Your enquiry is stored and processed by Farmas-sci, LLC.
We may ask for your consent to retain your information in our systems in order to send you
further information that we think may be of interest to you.
If you post a comment on our site, we won’t use your email address except to send you update
notices about the specific entry you commented, or to initiate a private one-to-one email
conversation with you about your post.
How long do we keep your information for?
Your information is kept for as long as you continue to consent, but we seize to send you
updates and will remove your data from our records if you are inactive for more than 2 years.
Inactive, in this respect, means that you have not read any of the newsletters we have sent you.
You may opt out such updates at any time, which will result in the prompt deletion of any
non-legal or financial information we have about you.
When you apply for a job, your information will be removed from our database once the position
is filled, or until - if applicable - you are no longer considered for the position. The information
will not be stored for longer than 3 months after your submission.
Additional rights as a data subject
In collecting this information, we are acting as a data controller and you have additional rights
with regards to the data we store and process on you, which are outlined in the section below
called Your rights as a data subject.
​
Version 1 Page 17 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
When you purchase a product from our website
When you purchase products from us online, we ask you for your name, billing address and
email address. Our legal basis for processing and collecting your PII is based on legitimate
interest, fulfilling a contract or legal obligations.
Why do we collect this information?
We require this information in order to process your payment, deliver your products or services,
and to comply with applicable tax/revenue laws. We will send you a receipt via email to contact
you regarding your purchase and fulfil our contract with you. If you perform a purchase on
behalf of a legal entity, we process the information based on a legitimate interest because the
processing is necessary to fulfill the contract with the legal entity.
What do we do with your information?
We use third party vendors to store and process payments. These vendors are Magento, Nets,
PayPal, American Express and Recurly, and they all adheres to the PCI Data Security Standard
(PCI DSS) for Service Providers. Magento is hosted by Trollweb, a company doing business
from Luramyrveien 40, 5th floor, building 2, 4313 Sandnes. Your email address, credit card
​
details are passed on to Nets, PayPal, American Express or Recurly and are not stored or
processed within Highsoft. Highsoft will collect your contact information including email address
and billing address. This information is necessary for us to be able to provide you with our
products and services.
Your email, company name and other optional information is stored in our CMS, Magento and
CRM, Salesforce and is not shared with any third parties.
We may use this information to contact you by email when your Support or Maintenance release
is about to expire, with a legitimate interest of ensuring you have the License you need.
Anonymized data may also be sent to Google Data Studio for analyzing our performance
internally.
If you have purchased a product with a customized License Agreement, we will save a copy of
the contract in our Business account for Google Drive.
Version 1 Page 18 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
How long do we keep your information for?
Information about the transaction is kept for however long necessary to comply with applicable
tax/revenue laws, which under current laws is 10 years.
Additional rights as a data subject
In collecting this information, we are acting as a data controller and you have additional rights
with regards to the data we store and process on you, which are outlined in the section below
called Your rights as a data subject.
​
We do not use the information you provide to make any automated decisions that might affect
you.
For more information please see Privacy Policy for Online Purchase here.
​ ​
When you sign up to receive our newsletter
When you sign up to receive our newsletter, we will ask you for your email address, and
optionally other information about your interests, preferences, etc. We will also automatically
collect information about what kind of newsletter content that you engage with, e.g. which
stories you want to learn more about by clicking on “read more” links next to story summaries.
Our legal basis for processing and collecting your PII is based on consent.
Why do we collect this information?
We will use your information to periodically provide you with news and information about our
products, services and company, which we feel might be of greatest interest to you.
We ask for your consent to store and process your information, and we will only send you
updates for as long as you continue to consent. You may unsubscribe at any time by clicking
the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any newsletter you receive.
What do we do with your information?
Your newsletter subscription is stored and processed by Farmas-sci, LLC.
We may ask for your consent to retain your information in our systems in order to send you
further information that we think may be of interest to you.
Version 1 Page 19 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
How long do we keep your information for?
Your information is kept for as long as you continue to consent to receive our newsletter, but we
seize to send you updates and will remove your data from our records if you are inactive for
more than 2 years. Inactive, in this respect, means that you have not read any of the
newsletters we have sent you. You may opt out such updates at any time, which will result in
the prompt deletion of any non-legal or financial information we have about you.
Additional rights as a data subject
In collecting this information, we are acting as a data controller and you have additional rights
with regards to the data we store and process on you, which are outlined in the section below
called Your rights as a data subject.
​
When you use our Export Server
The export server converts either a chart configuration (in JSON format) or a vectorized chart (in
SVG format) to one of several possible output formats (namely PNG/JPEG/SVG/PDF). This is
offered as a service to our customers in order to convert charts to e.g. print-ready formats.
When using the export server, either as an API service, or indirectly through the export module
in Highcharts/Highstock/Highmaps, your chart is sent to our server. This is the default behavior
of the export module. We also have an offline export module which operates without the need
for a web service, however this is not fully compatible with all browsers and formats.
The export server itself is also fully open source, so you are free to host your own server should
your company policies require more control over the exporting process.
What do we do with your chart data?
We use the chart data in order to convert your chart to the desired output format. If you choose
to make use of this service for your own business purposes, your use of our products falls under
the premise of Legitimate Interest under Article 6-1(f) of the GDPR.
How long do we keep your data for?
When not using async exporting, the result from the chart export will be stored on our server for
15 minutes before it deletes itself. The file is publically available, as it must be for the service to
Version 1 Page 20 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
work, however the filenames are created using UUID’s and as such it is highly unlikely that
anyone would be able to guess the filenames within the lifespan of the files.
Additional rights as a data subject
In collecting this information, we are acting as a data controller and you have additional rights
with regards to the data we store and process on you, which are outlined in the section below
called Your rights as a data subject.
​
Exclusions
The privacy policy covers your personal data, but not the content you create, and you agree that
we are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of the converted charts resulting
from an export action triggered from either the export API, or indirectly through the data export
module.
When you use Highcharts Cloud
This section tells you about the information we collect from you when you are using our
Software as a Service (SaaS), Highcharts Cloud.
Our legal basis for processing and collecting your PII is based on legitimate interest.
When you use this SaaS, we are acting as a data controller and we are required to provide you
with information about why and how we use your data, and about the rights you have over your
data.
In order to use Highcharts Cloud you need to register through an OAuth provider or through an
email/password combination. As such, access to your account may be authenticated by
signups/logins with email/password or by signing in using your Google account. By using our
service you must allow that certain user credentials are sent to us, such as your email address,
and name/username. Your user credentials are always safely encrypted. We do not collect
information which is offered by your OAuth provider (e.g. Google, Yahoo).
Highcharts Cloud uses cookies, which is a small amount of data stored by your web browser on
your computer. For more information on which cookies are required when using Highcharts
Cloud, please refer to our cookie policy.
​ ​
Version 1 Page 21 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
Charts created with Highcharts Cloud log views through an Ajax call to our own servers. The
information we gather through this view counter is limited to referrer and user agent and is used
for statistics (i.e. chart view counters, and an overview of referrers).
If you use our service for your own business purposes your use of our products falls under the
premise of Legitimate Interest under Article 6-1(f) of the GDPR.
Why do we collect this information?
Highsoft use this information to be able to provide our service, for identification and
authorization of users, and to be able to contact you. We will need some information in order to
process the transaction, and to comply with applicable tax/revenue laws.
What do we do with your information?
Your information is stored in our database, hosted on an Amazon web services, and is not
shared with any third parties. We will not use the information to make any automated decisions
that might affect you.
Anonymized data may also be sent to Google Data Studio for analyzing our performance
internally and user behavior to improve our SaaS.
How long do we keep your information for?
We keep your information for as long as you have an active subscription with us. Once you
unsubscribe from our service we will only retain information required by Norwegian tax and
accounting laws (currently 10 years), and all other data will be promptly deleted.
Additional rights as a data subject
In collecting this information, we are acting as a data controller and you have additional rights
with regards to the data we store and process on you, which are outlined in the section below
called Your rights as a data subject.
​
Exclusions
This privacy policy covers your personal data, but not the content you create and publish
publicly through the use of our products and services platform, such as charts you make
available on our platform or embed on a 3rd party website. Highcharts Cloud is primarily a
publishing platform, and as such, sensitive or confidential information should not be uploaded to
Version 1 Page 22 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
it, and you agree that we are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of
information you choose to publicly post or share through our platform.
When you use our JS tool, Wrappers, and Editor and CDN
When you buy a license for Highcharts JS, Highmaps JS, Highstock JS, Highcharts iOS,
Highcharts Android, Highcharts .NET, Highcharts Gantt or the Highcharts editor, we have
access to information you provide when purchasing. This is limited to information necessary to
process your payment as set detailed above in When you purchase a product from our website.
​
The tools are downloadable, and we do not track further usage of it, except as set forth herein.
When you register for a non-commercial license for one of our products, we ask for a contact
email address and the company name of the license holder, to verify the free usage.
Your rights as a data subject
By law, you can ask us what information we hold about you and ask to have it corrected it if it is
inaccurate. If we have asked for your consent to process your personal data, you may withdraw
that consent at any time.
If we are processing your personal data for reasons of consent or to fulfil a contract, you can
ask us to give you a copy of the information you have provided for us in a machine-readable
format so that you can transfer it to another provider.
If we are processing your personal data for reasons of consent or legitimate interest, you can
request that your data be erased.
You have the right to ask us to stop using your information for a period of time if you believe our
processing is not lawful.
Finally, in some circumstances you can ask us not to reach decisions affecting you using
automated processing or profiling.
The only data you may not ask to delete, or substantially change, is financial transaction data
we are required to retain for 10 years for legal, tax or accounting purposes.
To submit a request regarding your personal data by email, please use the contact information
provided above in the Who Are We section of this policy.
Version 1 Page 23 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
Your right to complain
If you have a complaint about our use of your information, we would prefer you to contact us
directly in the first instance so that we can address your complaint.
We are not required to have a data protection officer, so for any enquiries about our use of your
personal data, please use the contact information provided above in the section above, Who
​
Are We.
​
Legal Requirements
We might need to disclose personal data of users based on requirements by law. This might
result in legal obligations or urgent needs to suspend or block an account. In such an event we
will aim to notify the user that is affected by such actions.
Highsoft may also retain, preserve, or release your personal information in response to lawful
requests by public authorities, including to meet legitimate security or law enforcement
requirements; to protect, establish, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims,
including to collect a debt; or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities,
suspected fraud, threats to our property, or violations of our Terms of Use for Highcharts Cloud,
​ ​
the Standard License Agreement for our JS products, or your customized Agreement.
​ ​
Retention
Highsoft will retain and use your information only as long as it is necessary for the purposes set
out in this policy, and to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve
disputes, enforce our agreements, and as otherwise described in this policy.
Specifically, Highsoft will retain your information for as long as you have an active service
account with us, for as long as you remain subscribed to our newsletters, or as needed to
provide the services to you. The exception to this is data arising from a financial transaction
information, which we are required by local tax and accounting laws to store for 10 years.
Right to be forgotten
If you have not interacted with our sales team, support team, subscribed to any of our
newsletters or utilized any of our products and service, for 2 years, and your contact information
is not necessary per the Retention policy above, we will automatically delete your records from
Version 1 Page 24 of 25
Website Privacy Policy
our databases. The only exception is if you send us a job application. In this instance we will
keep your application for a maximum of three months.
Our Policy Toward Children
Our services are not intended for users under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect or
maintain information of such individuals. We encourage parents and guardians to monitor their
children’s online activities.
Updates to this privacy policy
We regularly review and, if appropriate, update this privacy policy from time to time, and as our
services and use of personal data evolves. If we want to make use of your personal data in a
way that we haven’t previously identified, we will contact you to provide information about this
and, if necessary, to ask for your consent.
We will update the version number and date of this document each time it is changed.
Version 1 Page 25 of 25